Ma/adjust product catalog data model (#846)
commercetools/test-data: .changeset/pink-nights-invent.md

---
'@commercetools/composable-commerce-test-data': minor
'@commercetools-test-data/generators': minor
---

> Updated the `Product data` test model so it does not populate the `categories` property by default. That's an optional property and so the default version of the model should not populate it.

Reviewer: We're also changing the `ProductDraft` model so we have to note it here.

Author: Addressed ->  3f248b87709ccb172874ac11b37b9172f9d18473

> Updated the `Product data` and `ProductDraft` test models so it does not populate the `categories` property by default. That's an optional property and so the default version of the model should not populate it.

Reviewer: Please, let's be consistent with the naming:
```suggestion
Updated the `ProductData` and `ProductDraft` test models so it does not populate the `categories` property by default. That's an optional property and so the default version of the model should not populate it.
```
